feat: USER_CONTEXT -> SECURITY_CONTEXT, authInfo -> securityInfo (#1799)
cube-js/cube.js: DEPRECATION.md

**Deprecated in Release: v0.26.0**

> 

> Motivation:
> 
> 1. The `checkAuthMiddleware` was tightly bound to Express, [which was deprecated](#embedding-cubejs-within-express).
> 2. HTTP is not only the transport for Cube.js, We support WebSocket server, which can be a default way in the feature. In this case
>    we want our authentication API to be not transport-specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `checkAuthMiddleware` was tightly bound to Express, [which has been deprecated](#embedding-cubejs-within-express). Since Cube.js supports HTTP **and** WebSockets as transports, we want our authentication API to not rely on transport-specific details.
```
